What are these files used for?

These are configuration files to add mods the RLCraft Dregora.  The three mods
supported are Electroblob's Wizardry, Forbidden and Arcanus, and Hooked.  You
can add any combination of these mods to the game at any time (it will not be
a problem adding them to an existing game*).  Of course, you will back up your
world and save copies of the config files just in case there is a problem.

If you have not modified the config files, then you can simply copy them into
the correct location after making a backup of the original files.  Then add the
mod to your mods folder and it will work.  Very easy.  If you have modified the
config files for some reason, you can do a diff of the files to see what 
changes are needed and edit the files yourself.  If you want to add other spell
packs for Electroblob's Wizardry, look at the reskillable.cfg file and it is
easy to follow as an example.

*On my installation of RLCraft Dregora, making any changes to config files or
adding/removing mods makes the game crash when starting up and sometimes
when loading the world.  Restarting or reloading the world once or twice seems
to fix this problem.  I think this is due to the mod that tracks errors.
However, the safest approach is to start a new world.

Where do I put the files?

Find your config folder in the RLCraft Dregora instance folder.  If you are 
using curseforge, you can right click on the modpack icon to open the instance
folder.  Otherwise, you need to find where you instance is stored.  Go into
the config folder, rename the existing files with a .bak extension, and copy 
the files into the following locations:

reskillable.cfg and wabbity_armorunder.cfg goes in config/
reforging materials.json goes in config/qualitytools/
1.12.2.009+.cfg goes in config/setbonus/


What versions of the mods should I use?

Any of the mods you choose to use get copied into the mods/ folder.  The 
following versions of the mods can be downloaded from curse and they were the
most current versions as of writing this:

Electroblob's Wizardry:  ElectroblobsWizardry-4.3.14.jar
Forbidden and Arcanus: forbidden_arcanus-1.12.2-1.1.4.jar
Hooked: hooked-1.0.3.jar


What changes will these files make to the game?

wibbity_armorunder.cfg allows adding temperature liners to the armor pieces
from Electroblob's Wizardry and Forbidden and Arcanus.

reskillable.cfg adds skill requirements to be able to use items as follows:

Electroblob's Wizardry will require 3 magic for the magic missile spell,
6 magic for novice spells, 14 magic for apprentice spells, 22 magic for 
advanced spells, and 32 magic for master spells.

Forbidden and Arcanus will require 28 defence for obsidian armor, arcane gold
armor, and mortem armor and 32 defence for draco arcanus armor and tyr armor.

Hooked will require 4 agility for wooden hooks, 10 agility for iron hooks,
20 agility for diamond hooks, and 32 agility for red hooks and ender hooks.

reforging materials.json adds materials for reforging in the quality tools
reforging station as follows:

Electroblob's Wizardry armor uses magic crystals to reforge armor.

Forbidden and Arcanus uses obsidian ingots for obsidian armor, mortem armor,
and draco arcanus armor and arcane gold ingots for arcane gold armor and tyr
armor.

Hooked uses ender eyes to reforge all tiers of hooks.

1.12.2.009+.cfg adds set bonuses for Electroblob's Wizardry armor:

Tier 1 armor adds the immunity set bonus (like silver armor)
Tier 2 armor (sage and warlock sets) adds the immunity set bonus and +75%
magic damage bonus (like golden armor)
Tier 3 armor (battlemage set) adds the immunity set bonus and +150% magic
damage bonus (like golden book wyrm scale armor)

Note that I modified all set bonuses to be visible for quality of life.


How will these mods affect the game?

Electroblob's Wizardry will make playing a magic game viable.  The magic 
damage bonuses work (and there is a hidden potion ring that is +75% magic
damage, too).  However, even though the armor sets have immunity, you will
find it rough going in the lost cities dimension because the mending
enchantment does not work on Wizardry armor.  Without mending, the mobs will
destroy your armor quickly.  Using Wizardry armor in the overworld is a 
great option for fighting all those witch spawners while having fun using 
magic.

The top tiers of Forbidden and Arcanus armor is better than golem armor, but 
only slightly better due to how the armor damage reduction caps out.  All of 
the physical damage reduction in RLCraft is overpowered.  It won't make much 
of a difference in the lost cities (I still use silver armor there).  The 
reason I added this mod was for other mod features rather than the armor :).

Hooked adds grappling hooks that can be equipped in a baubles slot and 
fired using an assigned key (I set it to use F).  The mechanics are really
good and user friendly.

Adding any of these mods is optional, of course.